['In-N-Out was a fun place to work for the most part. Everyone was like a family and most of the time got along. It was quick pace and I was always on my feet doing something. I had to deal with a lot of frustrated customers from time to time. Multitasking was something everyone had to learn how to do.', 'great place to work you will meet great people\ntime goes by pretty fast\nyou must be able to multitask pretty much at all times\nyou always work as a team and try to help others as much as possible\npush for your higher level certifications that is how you get paid more', 'This company truly builds character and makes you proud to work for an organization who have a great purpose for the community. Teaches you how to stay clean cut , providing quality at a fast pace.', "Great job, great pay, everyone's chill, your typical work place. Management is on top of it.\n\nHowever they do need to work on leveling up associates. Working towards their goals so they get their raise.\n\nEverything is freshly made. With that you need to put in extra work. Not your adverage food place.\n\nAltogether, working at In-N-Out was a blast. Met slot of cool people totally recommend this job.", 'Hawthorn was great, employees and management treated me very well. Got days off when I needed, very easy going and stress free job. Only down side is it was busy.', 'Once I am on the clock, I stretch before I got to my position. Once I am there ever 30 minutes we micro stretch as a team. We have full commination with each other at all times. The management have ears opens and will listen to what you have to say. The hardest part of the job is making sure we get rotated, from time to time the position can over welling. The most thing I love abut my job is working with the amazing coworkers.', 'In n out is an excellent company to wrk for, pay is very good as well as management. If it were not for working nights in my department i would stay with the company.', 'Very accommodating with scheduling and school. I am able to schedule my work around my classes which is important to my success in furthering my education.', 'There is never a slow day at in-n - out. You learn to always have a positive attitude to your coworkers and to the customers even though it can get really busy and crazy at times. The hardest part of the job is at nights when there is limited associates to be working and gets kinda hectic. The most enjoyable part of the job is developing relationships with associates and seeing a customers smile.', 'A typical day at In-N-Out is always busy and hard working but doable. Your fellow associates and managers are always looking out for you and your safety and always looking to help out. Management is genuinely kind and wants to see you grow whether it be within the company or even outside of it. Extremely flexible with hours so it is great for those in school. The workplace is always happy, energetic and making the most of the time at work. The hardest part of the job is honestly probably just getting used to the fast pace workplace and getting used to the constant chaos that is In-N-Out. But no matter what the hours always fly by, I have met some of my best friends at this job and it gave me a real perspective on customer service and an enjoyable experience at a restaurant.', 'A very great place to work. There is always opportunity to move up. It can be very challenging at times with juggling great quality and customer service.', 'In-n-out was a very friendly and efficient workplace. Management made sure not only customers but workers as well were well cared for. There was much leniency with the scheduling and they managed to work with your personal schedule well.', 'Great job overall. I just got stuck at a really bad store in Irving. When I first got hired things were great and we changed managers. They sent reinforcements to help but not much changed. I worked at several locations but my home store was by far the most tarnished. Overall Inwould definetly re apply again (:', "Love it ! I wish I could go back they need to open one in every state . The thing about in n out is that we're all one big happy family, employees always kind and smiling always ready to help someone and always moving at a fast paste . Great environment ! You'll never regret a moment there", 'I loved working here, but they give you the hours that no one else wants when you first start. It can be very frustrating and stressful, and they tend to throw you in situations to see how you do.', "In-N-Out was a great first job depending on the management. I had a great Store Manager who cared a lot about me and helped me move up in levels. I was promoted from a level 1 associate to a level 6 associate within my first year with the company. In-N-Out cares a lot about its associates and its customers. As long as you have a good management team, it's a great place to work.", "In n out is a good place to work at. You're always busy. and they give you a chance to grown within the company. Great environment, and they are pretty flexible with your schedule.", 'Going to work at IN-N-OUT Burger is an amazing thing. Every day that I work I am very excited to get to work. I enjoy everything about IN-N-OUT Burger. I love helping all the customers that we have. I also love making the delicious burgers. The thing I love the most about working there are the people I work with. We are all like family to each other.', 'working with In N Out Burger was one of the greatest experiences that I have had. Going to school and having a company and manager who was more than willing to flex with my schedule was so amazing. You work with a company who is all about a customers experience and wanting to provide nothing but the best quality for every individual.', 'Excellent place to work with a lot of opportunity to grow. Not only do you take away the many skills they teach you, but you also make life-long friends.', 'Working at In-N-Out Burger was very quicked-paced and "millitary-like" when it comes to dress code and mannorisms. If this is where you thrive there is no better fit. The 7 promotions are fast and rewarding, each giving you a generous raise. It is a true family in there, fantastic support is behind you.']